♪ Da, da, da-ba-da, da, da,
ba-da-ba-da-ba ♪
♪ Da, da, da-ba-da, da, da ♪
Let's go!
♪ We'll be there ♪
♪ A wink and a smile
and a great old time ♪
♪ Yeah, we'll be there ♪
♪ Wherever we are,
there's some fun to be found ♪
♪ We'll be there
when you turn that corner ♪
♪ We'll jump out the bush ♪
♪ With a big bear hug
and a smile ♪
♪ We'll be there ♪
[ Bells chiming ]
Okay, bros,
here's the plan.
When Chloe's finished
with her lab,
we're gonna run over
and cheer and --
Wait, here she comes!
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Sighs ]
Chloe!
Yeah, you did it!
-Whoo!
-Guys, stop.
-Chloe! Chloe!
-Guys, please stop.
Guys!
Chloe,
is everything okay?
Uh, thanks
for the enthusiasm,
but I didn't do so hot
on the lab.
[ Gasp ] Oh, no!
[ Kazoo toots sadly ]
But we helped you practice
and everything.
We even wrote you
that song.
♪ You take a beaker
of this thing ♪
♪ And you drip it into
this thing ♪
Both: ♪ When the stuff turns
pink, what have you found? ♪
The equivalence point of
sodium hydroxide. ♪ That ♪
I know, I know.
That wasn't the problem.
It was my teacher,
Professor Lampwick!
He messed me up!
What?
How did he do that?
[ Sighs ]
Well, things started off okay.
15-minute titration?
No problem.
Burets were calibrated.
Base solution measured
to the milliliter.
But then Lampwick came around
the corner to check up on us.
He's just so intimidating!
[ Clock ticking loudly ]
[ Gasps ]
Wha!
[ Beeping ]
Ugh! What?!
No, no, no, no, no!
Too late, Miss Park.
And I failed my lab
right then and there!
Aw, man, Chloe,
that's terrible.
I wish I could go talk to him
about it,
redo it or something.
I know the material!
Wait,
but why can't you?
Nobody ever goes
to talk to Lampwick.
He doesn't even have
office hours.
Come on, now.
He can't be all bad.
He's a man of science,
after all.
[ Clears throat ]
Excuse me, Miss Park.
I realize your time
is not especially valuable,
but mine is.
Now move aside, child.
[ Grunts ]
Sorry, Professor!
Whoa!
That's him, huh?!
What? Aah!
Chloe, you should
ask about the lab.
No way, Grizz!
Did you even see him?
Ah, don't be silly.
Come on.
Sir, hold on!
Um, our friend Chloe
has something to ask you.
Go on, Chloe.
Um, I-I was wondering,
Professor, if, maybe...
[ Sighs ]
Out with it, girl.
I, well...
[ Shuddering ]
Uh, listen, sir,
all Chloe wants
is a chance to pour and drip
that thing again, a redo.
I don't believe
in second chances.
And, frankly, Miss Park,
I'm surprised by your choice
of study group.
I doubt these bears could
even do basic arithmetic.
Can, too!
Th-That's math, right?
[ Sighs ] Miss Park,
my time will not be wasted
on a girl who can't even
start a sentence
or on these bumpkins
she calls friends.
-But -- But...
-Good day.
Oh, man.
- Chloe, you weren't kidding.
That dude is scary.
Ice Bear
slightly intimidated.
[ Sighs ] I'll never be able
to talk to him.
[ Alarm beeps ]
Aah! I'm late for Quantum!
Bye, guys.
Thank you for trying.
Man, poor Chloe.
I feel her, though.
I'd be nervous
around that dingle, too.
Ice Bear
must help Chloe.
Yeah, if only
we could get Chloe
some good face-to-face time
with him.
[ Ding! ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Snoring ]
[ Cellphone buzzes ]
[ Cellphone whooshing ]
What?
[ Knock on door ]
- Chloe: Hey, guys, I'm here!
Um, 'sup, Grizz?
Okay, Chloe,
I got a surprise for you.
[ Chuckles ] Just promise
not to freak out or anything.
Why would I do that?
Come on, come on.
And behold!
What the heck's
going on?
What?! You -- You --
You kidnapped my professor?!
[ Grunting ] What made you
think this was a good idea?!
Hey,
I said don't freak out,
and, heck, isn't this
what you wanted --
some quality time
with your professor?
[ Growls ]
Panda,
how did this happen?
Well, uh, first I Internet
stalked him, found his house,
and I asked him to come with us,
but he got real mad, so I, uh --
Oh, man, that sounds real bad
out loud.
Uh, yeah!
And how about you?!
Ice Bear tied knots.
[ Growls ]
Look,
I appreciate it, guys,
but you could get
in really big trouble.
Professor,
- I'm so, so sorry about this.
So, this is what society
has become, hmm?
And you, Miss Park!
Once free, I will personally
ensure that you are expelled!
[ Screams ]
Okay, Chloe, think, think.
Oh, what to do, what --
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Gasps ]
It's his phone!
Uh, uh, I got it.
Let me get in there.
Pardon me.
Oh, okay.
End call.
Peterson: Hello, Lampwick.
Dean Peterson here.
Everything okay?
- You're missing your class.
Just wanted to check in.
Hello? Hello?
Ahem.
[ Deep voice ] This is Lampwick.
I'm feeling ill today --
noxious fumes and all that.
Wait, what?
Lampwick?!
[ Beep ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Normal voice ] Okay,
maybe we just need to try
to just reason this out.
Professor,
please, let's talk.
Talking won't do you
any good now.
I will see to it that you
never roam the halls
of the university again.
Hey, man, not cool!
And the three of you will fare
no better, will you?
A whole family
behind bars.
It'll be life sentences
for all of you.
Aah! I-I can't go to jail.
I'm too cute.
I'll be eaten alive!
Calm yourself.
Okay, huddle up.
I know things look bad --
like, real bad.
But I'm sure we can think
of a way through this.
Please, Grizz! I'll never get a
higher education if I'm in jail.
Okay, okay, how about --
Oh, hypnosis.
-I have a watch.
-Ice Bear can tie more knots.
Panda, any ideas?
Panda?
-Panda?!
Grizzly: What are you doing?! Well,
he -- he says if I help him,
I might not
have to go to jail!
That's right, boy. Keep untying.
- Yes, sir!
Panda, stop it!
Bro!
No, I don't want to go!
-Get him.
-Aah!
Whoa! Let me go!
No, let go!
-I don't want to go to jail!
-[ Chuckles ]
No movies,
no games, no phone.
He wouldn't last a week.
Ah!
I got to untie him!
I have so much
to live for.
Please, no, Panda!
He's freaking out!
We got to do something.
Panda, comfy?
-Yeah, I'm good.
-I'm sorry.
It's just temporary until
we figure something out.
No, I'm sorry for going
a little nuts there.
Hey, do you think you could
grab my phone?
Maybe I could listen to some
calming tunes or something?
Ah, don't worry.
I got you, bro.
Yeah, Panda, we'll get out
of this, together.
I wouldn't
count on that.
What do you mean,
Lampwick?
Ah, the grizzly.
Unintelligent
but doggedly loyal.
What are you getting at?
Didn't you see how eager he was
to get that phone?
Surely, Miss Park,
- he is calling to turn you in.
Nope, I'm not listening.
-Don't be so naive, Miss Park.
-I'm not listening.
I can't hear you.
La la la la la.
Perhaps he's making a deal
for his brothers to walk free.
Blood is thicker than water,
they say.
Aw, man.
It's gonna rain tomorrow.
What took you so long, Grizz?
Hmm?
Um, what are you talking about?
I had to find it.
It was under Miki-Chan
for some reason.
Uh-huh.
You weren't maybe,
for example,
calling to turn me in?
C-Chloe,
what are you saying?!
It's me,
your friend Grizz!
Would I ever do something
like that?
[ Growls ]
Okay, Chloe,
- this is getting ridiculous.
You're letting him get to you --
like he did to me!
[ Chuckles ]
What a train wreck this is.
First, your friends tie me up,
and now you've tied them up!
Most ironic.
You're next, you know.
What hidden motive lurks behind
his stoic chiseled features?
Do you even
really know him?
Ice Bear
will cut out middle man.
Well, well,
look at this!
No one left to help you,
is there, little girl?
Who can you turn to now?
And, certainly, that feeble mind
of yours won't suffice.
And you call yourself
a child prodigy?
You don't belong in my class or
any class in this institution.
You're no prodigy.
[ Growls ]
I am a prodigy!
And I worked hard for it!
And you're nothing
but a tenured wash-up
who's got nothing better to do
than intimidate and bully!
-[ Gasps ]
My, my, Miss Park!
This is a side of you
I haven't seen.
Well, can we make a deal
or not?
Hmm.
I'm listening.
Grizz, do you still have
my chemistry set here?
Yeah,
it's in the living room.
All right, Professor,
how about this?
I'll redo my lab
right here, right now.
If I do it right,
you have to leave
and pretend
none of this happened.
And if I fail,
- you can kick me out of school.
And have you all
locked up.
Don't worry, Chloe.
You got this.
We believe in you,
Chloe.
Chloe,
next Marie Curie.
Deal!
Oh, and, Miss Park,
you don't get 15 minutes.
You get five.
But that -- that's imposs--
[ Sighs ]
Fine!
All right, Lampwick,
let's do this.
-It's all you, Chloe!
-Go, Chloe!
Yes, Miss Park.
Impress me.
Your time begins...
now.
Okay, okay.
- 100 millimeters of N-A-O-H.
Record molarity.
Um, um, uh...
Dilute
hydrochloric acid.
Now, uh, set up buret?
Whoa!
♪♪
Ah. Feels like déjà vu,
doesn't it, Miss Park?
You just don't
have it in you.
Ah, which chemical
comes next?
Uh, a few drops of this to --
Ooh. Maybe it was that.
Don't you know the difference
between your acids and bases?
Even wee babies know that.
Oh, but you're no wee baby,
Miss Park.
You're a prodigy,
aren't you?
Come on, focus, Chloe!
Focus!
Getting in your head.
Get out!
Together: ♪ Oh ♪
♪ You take a beaker
of this thing ♪
♪ And you drip it into
this thing ♪
Both: ♪ And when the stuff turns
pink, what have you found? ♪
The concentration
of what's inside.
♪ So I take the tube
of this stuff ♪
♪ And rinse it with
this stuff ♪
♪ I'll just pour
and I'll mix ♪
-♪ You'll swirl ♪
-♪ And you'll drip ♪
♪ And when the stuff turns pink,
what have you found? ♪
Boom!
The equivalence point
of sodium hydroxide.
[ Ticking ]
Whoo-hoo, yeah!
Chloe, you did it!
[ Chuckles ]
I actually did it.
Bravo, Miss Park!
A tad unorthodox, to be sure,
but very well done.
You --
You untied yourself?!
Oh, yes, I've been untied
for some time now.
I wanted to see you perform
under pressure,
and I must say
that you delivered.
I'll count this
as an extra credit.
That should make up
for the lab.
What?! Hang on.
- You're not gonna press charges?
My dear, Miss Park,
do you really think
you're the first student
to kidnap me over a grade?
You are, however,
- the first to get it right.
Auf wiedersehen!
Um, guys, I know things
got kind of crazy in there,
but thank you so much.
You guys are
the best friends ever.
Aw, Chloe,
no problem.
But, uh, you should transfer
to a different class, though.
That man
is truly messed up.
♪♪